Add cross-environment section to the areas of general agreement (#47)
patcg/docs-and-reports: design-dimensions/Dimensions-with-General-Agreement.md

It is worth noting that, at least among existing differential privacy deployments, a time dimension in the privacy unit is very common. See https://desfontain.es/privacy/real-world-differential-privacy.html for a list of examples here.

## Attribution across environments

Use-cases like cross-device attribution, cross-app-and-web attribution, and others rely on the capability of the system to measure _joined events_ emitted across different computing environments. The group has reached a general agreement that the _Private Measurement Technical Specification MVP_ can support these kinds of data joins in its design. In particular:
- It may be possible to measure joined events across different applications on a single device
- It may be possible to measure joined events across applications on different devices, owned or used by the same person

> Note: the precise details of _how_ these events are joined and measured needs to be separately agreed upon. The current consensus only documents an agreement that joins across computing environments are not inherently disallowed.

Reviewer: I think we can avoid sounding so double-negative here.

```suggestion
Note: the precise details of _how_ these events are joined and measured needs to be separately agreed upon. The current consensus documents an agreement that the group is open to designs that support joins across environments.
```
